---
title: "SoulSync"
excerpt: "Computer Simulation and Gaming's Senior Project"

header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/SoulSync.png
  teaser: 
  overlay_filter: 0.5

project_brief: "Small Unity roguelike with multiple levels and multiplayer"
project_role: "Narrative Team Lead, Design Team"
project_tools: "Unity, Github, Blender, WWise"
project_date: "May 1, 2026"
---
## Heading 
Led the Narrative team which focused on developing Story, Dialogue, and Cutscenes. Occasionally worked on tasks for Art team when needed. Composed some of the soundtrack and worked on the audio team.
 SoulSync was The University of Tulsa's Computer Simulation and Gaming Major's Senior Class Project. The goal was to create a game over the course of an entire academic year, the only requirements for the game were 1. The game had to have 4 levels, and 2. The game needed to have multiplayer. The game we decided on was a Fantasy-Cyberpunk Roguelike. This has been the most intense project I have ever worked on in my life, but it has also been the most enlightening. The game has a total of 13 developers working on it (Not including the audio team which was technically another class), the largest team I had ever worked on. Communication was really rough at first, there was certainly an issue with a few people speaking louder than everyone else and trying force us to make the game they wanted to make. But after weekly meetings for a few months we managed to build a culture where everyone could have their voice heard. The class was initially divided into three groups, Programming, Art/Design, and Narrative. Programming and Art had an equal number of developers, 5 for each, but Narrative was much smaller only having 3 members including myself. The other members of the Narrative team had an extremely full schedule that semester so I decided to step up and become the team lead. This meant that in addition to the team wide meetings I would also be attending team lead meetings for half an hour before every class. The narrative team burned bright and fast, we did a significant amount of work in the first half of the semester, you can't make a game without knowing the who, what, when, where, and why of the game. We were under a lot of pressure to get our work done quick and clean so it could be reviewed by the rest of the team and finalized. The small team size made communication easy but made all of us have a lot of work. About halfway through the semester the narrative team was dissolved and absorbed into the art team. As the team lead I stayed on a little while longer and after the dissolving of the team I was assigned to various little tasks that needed to be finished and then later to the social media team, setting up the Itch pages and the like. Unfortunately issues with the social media accounts regarding administration were taking too long to resolve and I was needed elsewhere so in the second semester I was assigned to work on cutscenes. Working on cutscenes required less team coordination than the work I did on the narrative team. The dialogue and actions have all been completed so my work simply required me to complete the cutscenes according to the requirements and submit for review. Originally we were tasked with creating storyboards as well but that was taking up too much time so that process had to be cut. My work also included working with the audio of the game, this work was part of a different class but about half of the students in the audio class were enrolled in Senior Production. The work I did involved composing the main theme of the game as well as implementing the audio for the cutscenes and a few SFX here and there. The biggest hurdle with the audio design was learning how to use WWise in the course of a year. I've never used anything like it, but fortunately the professor was very helpful in the course. He taught me everything I needed to know and was very helpful with trouble shooting. Soulsync has been the most difficult project I have worked on in my life. It has been a very long and arduous project, but over the course of the year I have learned more about game development than I have in my 3 other years of college. I learned about team snyergy and how to effectively (and ineffectively) communicate and delegate tasks. I learned about scope creep and how to know when and what needs to be cut when issues arise. And I learned about the role I can fill in a team and the best way I can do that. This project has been a delight to work on, and as graduation looms on the horizon; I am proud to have this in my portfolio and I hope everyone who worked with me on it has success in their future endeavors.

### Resources
- [Itch Page](https://rjp5546.itch.io/soulsync)
- [Github repository](https://github.com/csg-utulsa/SeniorProduction2025)
- [WWise Github Repository](https://github.com/csg-utulsa/SeniorProduction2025_WwiseProject)